{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1AE0000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red235\green234\blue230;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;\cssrgb\c93725\c93333\c92157;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 i am preparing a set of party favor poems for a wedding. the end goal is to have tiny scrolls rolled up and tied up with ribbon, one per person, with that person's name on the outside and a specific poem on the inside. we have been collecting these poems for months by taking pictures of the poems in books we are reading; I have both high resolution and low resolution images saved and we can organize and store in folders however is appropriate. we would like attributions to be associated with each poem, title and author, and to at the end of this probably lay the materials out in adobe indesign or illustrator, or similar, so that we can take the file or files to a printer to have all of the scrolls printed. I see a few steps, perhaps: 1. take photos as input and produce double-checked text as output. 2. lift these output files and layout in indesign or illustrator or similar, whatever you recommend, particularly if there is a software platform you are capable of automating. 3. take a separate excel sheet that associates individual guest with individual poem, and formats the indesign document so that the person's name is printed on the upper corner of one side and the poem is printed centered on the other side, small pieces of paper, maybe around 4-6, perhaps an adjustable parameter. how would you organize or advise that we approach each step, the image-to-text work and then the text-to-layout work? please teach me the best way to do this with AI. i can shift over to claude code if more approriate.\cb1 \
}